### API Documentation: `GetBinContentByLocationBin`

#### Overview
The `GetBinContent` API method retrieves detailed information about the contents of a specified bin within a location. It provides a comprehensive overview of items in the bin, including quantities available for various warehouse processes like picking, putting away, and taking from the bin.

#### Request Structure
```json
{
  "ProcessMethod": "GetBinContentByItemLocation",
  "Parameters": [
    {
      "LocationCode": "MAIN",
      "BinCode": ""
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Parameters
- **LocationCode**: The code representing the location in which the bin is located (e.g., `"LOC01"`).
- **BinCode**: The code representing the bin within the specified location (e.g., `"BIN-01"`).

#### Example Request
```json
{
  "ProcessMethod": "GetBinContentByItemLocation",
  "Parameters": [
    {
      "LocationCode": "MAIN",
      "BinCode": ""
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Example Response
```json
{
  "ItemNo": "D1BDBKCBBLASTD",
  "VariantCode": "",
  "UnitofMeasureCode": "EA",
  "LocationCode": "MAIN",
  "BinCode": "1001",
  "TotalQtyAvailToTakeUOM": 42.0,
  "TotalQtyAvailToPick": 42.0,
  "TotalQtyAvailToPutAway": -42.0,
  "TotalQtyInBinContent": 42.0,
  "TotalQtyToTake": 42.0,
  "TotalQtyInLP": 45.0,
  "Details": [
    {
      "LP": "LP-00042",
      "Qty": "10"
    },
    {
      "LP": "LP-00043",
      "Qty": "10"
    },
    {
      "LP": "LP-00057",
      "Qty": "2"
    },
    {
      "LP": "LP-00058",
      "Qty": "2"
    },
    {
      "LP": "LP-00059",
      "Qty": "2"
    },
    {
      "LP": "LP-00060",
      "Qty": "9"
    },
    {
      "LP": "LP-00082",
      "Qty": "2"
    },
    {
      "LP": "LP-00083",
      "Qty": "8"
    }
  ],
  "Duration": "263 milliseconds"
}
```

#### Explanation
- **ItemKey**: A unique identifier for the item in the bin, formatted as `"ItemNo|VariantCode|LPDocumentNo"`. This provides a clear reference to the specific item, variant, and license plate within the bin.
- **Qty**: The total quantity of the item in the bin.
- **QtyInBinContent**: The calculated quantity of the item in the bin, considering any previous transactions or movements.
- **QtyAvailToTakeUOM**: The quantity available in the unit of measure specified for taking from the bin.
- **CalcQtyAvailToPick**: The quantity available for picking operations.
- **CalcQtyAvailToPutAway**: The quantity available for putting away operations.

#### Summary
The `GetBinContent` API method is designed to provide detailed and actionable information about the contents of a specific bin within a location. By utilizing this API, warehouse operations can ensure accurate tracking and management of inventory, improving efficiency and reducing errors in inventory handling processes. The API response includes not only the basic quantity of items but also specific details on their availability for various warehouse operations, ensuring that warehouse staff have all the necessary information at their fingertips.